welcome to the man recaps this is the
bachelor episode 9 we begin on the
dramatic cliffhanger Madison pulled
Peter aside right after the rose
ceremony to tell him something
we know her big secret is that she's
saving herself for marriage she doesn't
tell Peter this she does tell him though
after 10 minutes of sitting on the bench
sighing that him sleeping with the other
girls during fantasy suite week would be
a deal-breaker for her in no way do I
want to like give you like an ultimatum
we're like Carly made them then they're
off to Australia for fantasy suites the
girls are thrown a bit of a twist
normally they would be in separate hotel
rooms during this week but this time
they're having them all stay together
for maximum awkwardness and for maximum
drama Madison will be going last
so the first date is with Hannah and
they ride jet skis and romantically make
out in the sunset classic bachelor stuff
here and these two get along great
there's no problems they go up to the
fantasy suite
yes it's Hannah Ann who's been the girl
in the preview with a steamy shower
scene so good for these two in the
morning Hannah and comes back to the
girls rooms and it is painfully awkward
as she tries not to seem like she just
had sex four times in the shower next up
is Victoria whose hometown was ruined by
a big fight but she and Peter put that
behind them they go for a helicopter
ride and a waterfall champagne they
really tried to talk it out figure out
why they have such a hard time
communicating basically Victoria's like
sorry I'm just a guarded person and my
defense mechanism is to walk away from
difficult conversations but I like you
Peter so let's bring the walls down so
these two are closer than ever they go
to their fantasy suite and have a great
night a really cute morning wake up
session where Victoria's walls are down
and it seems like Peter could
legitimately choose her once again she
goes back to the girls room for a
painfully awkward conversation as
Madison's like so how'd it go and
Victoria tries to look like she didn't
just have the best sex of her life so
finally it's Madison's turn and she's
been a front-runner since the beginning
because she and Peter just had a super
close natural connection they're going
to apparently climb a building oh
there's stairs I thought they were gonna
rappel up the side Mission Impossible
style anyway it's a beautiful view and
these two cement that they're very much
in love but at dinner they
have to have the hard conversation
Madison finally tells him that she is
saving herself for marriage and that's
why him sleeping with the other girls
would bother her so much more than
normal she's like if you did have sex
with these other girls I don't think I
could continue Peters like Maddie I
really respect your values um they're
not the same as mine though I did have a
bunch of sex
Madison is devastated she has to walk
away and cry in the corner Peter's like
hey I'm sorry I really like you though
and I hope you you know are willing to
not walk away from this because you're
probably the one I was gonna pick and
that's where they leave us with Madison
uncertain if she can move forward in
this relationship with Peter in the next
time on though we get confirmation she
is not at the final rose ceremony
it looks like Madison bails and goes
home leaving Peter with a real difficult
dilemma if he runs after her and tries
to win her back maybe he can and they'll
live happily ever after but maybe she'll
still say no and of course the other two
girls don't want to be second choice
apparently next week is the women tell
all episode which promises to bring back
a ton of drama
hopefully it's funny and not just
excruciating but in two weeks we'll find
out how this crazy bachelor season comes
to an end if you liked this recap hit
that subscribe button I'm bringing you
the best recaps of TV and movies so
don't miss out
[Music]